README.md, before:

# rubiks-clock-simple
Show the time of day on a Rubik's cube.

This is an implementation related to the javascript Clock implemented here: https://github.com/mhirst1960/rubiks-clock
but for computers that are not very powerful at running calculations. The tradeoff
is it uses lots of diskspace.  There are 1441 10-second videos for the 12-hour clock and another 1441 videos for the 24-hour clock.
which adds up to about 900 Megabytes for each of these two variations for 800x480 resolution.  Or 1.7GB to support both clock formats.

This version that shows different video clip every minute.  The videos are simply screen-shot recordings of the javascript version
of rubiks-clock.

# Installation

On Raspberry Pi do this from command line:

    pip3 install python-vlc
    sudo apt-get install vlc-bin vlc-plugin-base 
    pip3 install schedule

    sudo apt-get update
    sudo apt-get install imagemagick

# Run

By default it runs a 12-hour (AM/PM) clock.  But if you give it the argument '--type 24' it will show a clock that goes from 00:00 to 23:59:

    python3 rubiks-clock.py 
    python3 rubiks-clock.py --type 24


<img width="1347" alt="Screenshot 2023-08-02 at 11 39 52 PM" src="https://github.com/mhirst1960/rubiks-clock-v/assets/6749076/bc3f74f5-044e-4ccd-b01e-c4566cecda3a">

Commit message:

Update python script with what ever I have at the moment. It's rather useless for gif right now but it shows bunch of failed attempts that might be built on in the future.

README.md, after:

# rubiks-clock-simple
Show the time of day on a Rubik's cube.

This is an implementation related to the javascript Clock implemented here: https://github.com/mhirst1960/rubiks-clock
but for computers that are not very powerful at running calculations. The tradeoff
is it uses lots of diskspace.  There are 1441 10-second videos for the 12-hour clock and another 1441 videos for the 24-hour clock.
which adds up to about 900 Megabytes for each of these two variations for 800x480 resolution.  Or 1.7GB to support both clock formats.

This version that shows different video clip every minute.  The videos are simply screen-shot recordings of the javascript version
of rubiks-clock.

# Java Script

You can open index.html in any browser.  It will show a low-resolution 12-hour clock.

If you want a 24-hour clock, you can modify clock.js and change the clock type like this:

  var clockType = "24"

# Python script

TODO: VLC does not support gif so python script does not work!
    I'm working on a python solution.  Meanwhile, you can use above Javascript i a browser.

There is also a python script that shows an example of how to run this on a Raspberry Pi using the VLC media player.
## Installation

On Raspberry Pi do this from command line:

    pip3 install python-vlc
    sudo apt-get install vlc-bin vlc-plugin-base 
    pip3 install schedule

    sudo apt-get update
    sudo apt-get install imagemagick

    maybe??? pip3 install MoviePy

    maybe?? pip install tk-tools
## Run

By default it runs a 12-hour (AM/PM) clock.  But if you give it the argument '--type 24' it will show a clock that goes from 00:00 to 23:59:

    python3 rubiks-clock.py 
    python3 rubiks-clock.py --type 24
